Xblanchot/sca 1345/add flags on fix available (#840)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20240118_114340_xavier.blanchot_add_flags_on_fix_available.md

### Added

> - Adds two new flags for `ggshield sca scan` commands, `--ignore-fixable` and `--ignore-not-fixable` so that the user can filters the returned incidents depending on if incidents can be fixed or not. Both flags cannot be used simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds two new flags for `ggshield sca scan` commands, `--ignore-fixable` and `--ignore-not-fixable` so that the user can filter the returned incidents depending on whether incidents can be fixed or not. Both flags cannot be used simultaneously.
```
